Patient tab : HISTORY 
1)A quick explanation of columns to avoid any misunderstanding.
prescription -prescription number : What is that ? sorry Rx number 
S Date- date prescription was processed
name- name of patient
doctor- name of prescribing doctor
co-pay - amount customer pays after insurances.
drug cost- cost of drugs * quantities
total -- cost of drugs * quantities + fees + tax
insurance - total of all insurances paid  (NHF + INS 1 + INS 2+ INS 3)
Invoice - receipt number if prescrtion has been paid for at point of sale.
Use- Use that processed prescription for payment at point of sale.
Source- delete
Cashed - Y or N indicating whether or not prescription has been payed for by processing at point of sale
Discount- discount amount on the prescription
rx time- Time rx was saved to database by pressing F8. then what's the difference between
S Date and rx rime. sorry s date is that actual date the prescription as payed for at the cashier. so it's the same as Rx since he pays the same day ? no, sometimes the customers pay the next day. Assuming they have called in their prescription for processeing, then come in at a alter day to pick up and pay.
How the program would know ? the Sdate one it has been presented at the Point of sale. 
Refill ? Print ? Price2 ?
i think we wnt through these in the last review.??
Yes sorry I just want to be sure what to print .
Still not sure what Price2 is for in the second tab. delete that.
OK got it
F7-Quote ? will tell you this later.

by the way we need to change the name from Automated Pharmacy to something else. choose a catchy name.
are we finished for now?
 
I have to go now? anything else?
Ok got it , Yes still need some things but if you need to go we'll just let them for the next part . How long do you think it will take?
The software or clarifications ? Clarifications I'd say 5 minutes. ok lets do it.
Thanks, it's just Sale history & purchase History I've built their database but need you to explain them to avoid that I go wrong with their database as it would be harder to update**
I've put them into tabs. SO you want me to explain what each tab is for?
Basically, and if it's a good idea that I made them into tabs instead of menu because I think dispensay sales & purchase history and inventory are the main tabs of the software. 

.
ok good idea. but Point Of Sale will also be a main tab.
acutally I would actually just keep Dispensary, Point of Sale and Inventory of Main tabs
Ok, What do you suggest , we go through point of sale now and let history to next time or go through history ?Point of sale  now.
Ok good, the things is when there are connections between my databases it's harder to update later to add something related to it. OOooo ok. well lets go throught those first then 
through columns
Receipt :
 :..
If you need to go I'll take screenshots and send you through fiverr.,  Ok do that. because I need to meet my wife nbefore she kills me. Ok good we'll do that , it will be good to have clarifications soon as I'll start t owork on it again in 2 hours.
Thanks for your time :) ok thank you too.